Add name of rule to CRDs (#1330)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/antrea-network-policy.md

**ingress**: Each ClusterNetworkPolicy may consist of zero or more ordered
set of ingress rules. Each rule, depending on the `action` field of the rule,
allows or drops traffic which matches both the `from` and `ports` sections.

> Also, each rule has a `name` field which is unique within the policy describing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, each rule has an optional `name` field, which is unique within the policy describing 
```

**ingress**: Each ClusterNetworkPolicy may consist of zero or more ordered
set of ingress rules. Each rule, depending on the `action` field of the rule,
allows or drops traffic which matches both the `from` and `ports` sections.

> Also, each rule has an optional `name` field, which is unique within the policy 

Reviewer 2: nit: s/is/should be/g, can be addressed in followup PR.

**egress**: Each ClusterNetworkPolicy may consist of zero or more ordered set
of egress rules. Each rule, depending on the `action` field of the rule, allows
or drops traffic which matches both the `to` and `ports` sections. 

> Also, each rule has a `name` field which is unique within the policy describing 

Reviewer: similar suggestion

**egress**: Each ClusterNetworkPolicy may consist of zero or more ordered set
of egress rules. Each rule, depending on the `action` field of the rule, allows
or drops traffic which matches both the `to` and `ports` sections. 

> Also, each rule has an optional `name` field, which is unique within the policy 

Reviewer 2: ditto
